fixing global header and doing acrolinx (#4361)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sampleapp-oie-redirectauth/main/nodeexpress/corsissuer.md

6. From the side navigation, select **Security** > **API**, and then select the **Trusted Origins** tab.
7. Click **Add Origin**, enter a **Name**, and add `http://localhost:8080` as the **Origin URL**.
8. Select the **CORS** checkbox and click **Save**.

> 9. Build your issuer URL, which is the URL of the authorization server that performs the authentication. This example uses the "default" custom authorization server. The issuer is a combination of your Org URL (found by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console) and `/oauth2/default`. For example: `https://example-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Build your issuer URL, which is the URL of the authorization server that performs the authentication. This example uses the "default" custom authorization server. The issuer is a combination of your Okta domain (found by clicking your username in the upper-right corner of the Admin Console) and `/oauth2/default`. For example: `https://example-1234.oktapreview.com/oauth2/default`
```
